# SyllabusTextbookAnalyzer
Syllabus Textbook Analyzer is an R-based web application accepts a syllabus text file, scores it against textbook data from a file, and provides a sorted list of the most similar textbooks that match that syllabus, with publisher information. 
# ProjectDescription
The goal of the project is to build upon an existing module in R with a Shiny interface that accepts a syllabus text file, scores it against textbook data from a file, and provides a sorted list of the most similar textbooks that match that syllabus, with publisher information. Enhance the database of the tool with more textbooks that related to MASY courses. Build a robust user interface. Using the knowledge, I received from the MASY program at NYU SPS, this project involves enlarge the database of an existing shiny app that meets the same specifications requirements and makes sure the final module in R is finally able to operate properly for a client. The final deliverables of the project must meet the client's requirements, which include ease of use as a teaching tool with enhanced database. 
# UserCase
This application will provide users a selection of textbooks that closely match their course syllabus. NYU MASY can use this application as an assisting tool to help faculty members find the textbooks that most closely match to their syllabus. The faculty who has multiple courses to teach can be benefited by usin this tool since its time-saving and cost efficiency. It is often difficult for faculty to find textbooks that match their syllabus because of a large number of textbooks. Besides, the textbooks are continuously updated which makes it harder for faculty to find proper teaching materials. This assisting tool can solve these problems by shortening their time to find the most appropriate textbook. Students also can use the app to find the most helpful and appropriate textbooks by themselves as well.
